so guys it is to prophy teams or Adam
and welcome back to another top five
today's top five is the top five worst
wall guns in call of duty zombies beat
at the top five best wall guns and now
we're doing the top five worst of all
guns so coming in at number five is the
MPL I wanted to have a gun on this list
that isn't like horribly bad like some
of the other guns on this list but are
kind of just like okay it's like I'll
get it if I absolutely have to and
that's what the MPL is the non upgraded
version this gun isn't really all that
good it does do damage it gets you a lot
of points except you run out of ammo
extremely fast and the same thing goes
for the pack a punch version this gun
it's okay it's not the best but it just
flies through ammo so fast when you have
a gun that goes through ammo so fast
there's really no point and even gain in
the first place because you're gonna
spend so much money on getting ammo each
round and you're not going to get that
same amount of points back so that's why
I think the NPL is an OK gun but really
nowhere near good so coming in in the
number four spot is the pm-63 now the
non pack-a-punch version of this gun is
okay it's actually not all that bad it's
actually pretty good
it gets you a good amount of points but
it suffers from the same problem that
the NPL does it just runs through ammo
really really fast but like I said it's
not really the worst non upgradeable gun
in the game it's definitely not the best
but hey it gets you a lot of points and
it can get you some kills early on the
game now with this gun really suffers is
when you actually upgrade this gun your
app you're not upgrading it you're
actually downgrading it it is so whole
bad you get akimbo pm-63 is okay so
you're hip firing the whole time the
accuracy with these things are bad
you're missing half your shots unless
you're like a boy epitope zombies which
you won't be all the time and it has
such
low amount of annal so you're missing
shots and your animals just getting
drained and like I was using this guy
like around 11:00 on kino der toten and
I wasn't able to get through the round
filling all the zombies with these two
weapons I couldn't kill all of them with
the two weapons that around that mo so
quickly and I wouldn't be able to get my
points back to buy more ammo so these
things aren't effective after around
10:00 because you can't take out the
whole round with these two weapons but
other than that I live the pack upon
hurting this gun hey it's not too bad so
now we get into the really really bad
gun so coming in at number three is the
ballista from call of duty black ops 2
zombies and this gun can only be found
on origin so this gun is 500 points off
the wall you can buy it in the very
first room it pretty much replaces the
m14 on origins and this gun is a one
shot to the head until round 5 after
that it's a 2 shot to the head and how
you go the more hits it is in the head
and then multiple shots in the body
throughout the game this gun is just
absolutely horrible as bolt-action so
you have to be very accurate to do well
with this gun when it's pack a punched
it's okay in the early teens but after
that it's completely useless and
pointless the gun sucks it does do a
little bit better when you have a
Deadshot daiquiri on or you have the
Deadshot daiquiri you'll be able to get
headshots more and your accuracy of
course will be increased but other than
that using this gun by itself it is just
flat-out bad so coming in at number two
is the arasaka and tell heart of you
might not even have ever heard of the
arasaka but it is a bolt-action rifle in
role of war and it's only found on the
map shi no numa and this gun is just
absolutely bad it's pretty much the same
thing as the card 98k except I guess re
skinned it is a weapon in multiplayer
as a car 98k but this kind of just
really really bad it's a one shot to the
head until around four and then after
that it is completely useless you can't
pack a punch on shi no numa so this gun
cannot be packaged this gun is effective
for whole four rounds and then after
that you're just pretty much shooting
yourself in the foot using this gun so
the number one worst wall up and in call
of duty zombies has to go to the car 98k
this gun can be found on the world of
war maps and also the world war maps in
black ops 1 zombies and this gun is just
horrible it's pretty much the same thing
as the Arisaka four shots or one shot to
the head on till round four sorry and
multiple shots to the body beginning at
round one and that's Round four
the two shots of the head so again it's
just absolutely pointless using this gun
a frown for but the difference between
this gun and the Arisaka is you can
actually pack a punch this couldn't
anything got such a good thing you can
pack a punch it has to be at least a
little bit better it's really not at all
it's actually almost like a work so the
thing is just absolutely horrible by the
time you can pack a punch it's probably
gonna be like round 10 or Plus this kind
of just horrible like it literally feels
like there's no damage increase even
though there is but you know it's like a
one shot to the head around 11 and then
after that you're just pretty much
finished I actually don't know but I'm
guessing I pack a punch his gun before
and it literally felt like I didn't get
any damage boost at all
so anyways commented us all for now
please do this video a thumbs up in the
comment section below let me know your
top 5 worthwhile weapons in call duty
zombies and also what top fives would
you want to see peace out